Take a look.
[ ♪ background music ♪ ]
Is your car due for its service?
If yes, then let's recommend
Bosch car service for you.
Your driving safety is our main concern.
From the moment you arrive, we ensure
you and your car are looked after.
Our expert Bosch train technicians can
service, repair and maintain all vehicle
makes and models, including new cars.
Our state-of-the-art Bosch dot diagnostic
equipment can diagnose fault in a flash to
reduce the risk of an accident, increase
the safety of all vehicle occupants,
and help to avoid annoying breakdown.
Vehicle safety checks
are part of our service.
We'll check your vehicle's electronic
system, tires, lights, underbody,
brakes, wipers, battery fluids,
exhaust, and air conditioning system.
We also promise to use quality
Bosch Automotive replacement parts
where available with workshops
right around the country.
Make that call and switch today.
All our services are backed by the Bosch
Car Service 12 month nationwide warranty.
Now that's peace of mind.
Bosch Car Service for
everything your car needs.
Google Bosch Car Service to
find your nearest workshop.